d-push (2.1.0~M2-1) experimental; urgency=low

    Upgrading from d-push 2.0 versions

    Due to enhanced modularisation in the 2.1 z-push versions, the structure of
    the debian packages has changed. The former d-push package is now split
    into a common package and the backend packages.
    So make sure that you have the backend installed which you want to use.
    As a consequence, the configuration of the backends moved into separate
    files in /etc/d-push/backend/$BACKEND/config.php. Please update your
    configuration accordingly.
 
    The states of D-Push 2.0 and 2.1 Milestone releases are not compatible, but
    a state migration script is available in the tools folder.

    To upgrade, please follow these steps:
    1. upgrade your d-push files to the new version
    2. mobiles which connect will receive a temporary synchronization error
       (only visible if you explicitly click "refresh" on the mobiles)
    3. run the upgrade script located in the tools folder. The files
       distributed by us contain a correct configuration of this script to access
       the config file and locate the state files. If your file locations are
       different, please check the path settings in the top of the migration
       script.
    4. After running the migration script, mobiles will continue synchronizing
       without any re-synchronization

    You can run the script multiple times, but normally there is no need to do so.
   
    Please report us your experience, about this release in general and please
    also about the upgrade process.


 -- Wolfram Quester <wolfi@sigxcpu.org>  Sun, 14 Apr 2013 13:19:37 +0200

d-push (2.0-1) unstable; urgency=low

    Upgrading from d-push 1.X versions

    The easiest way to upgrade is to follow the steps for a new installation.
    The states of d-push 1.X are not compatible and there is no upgrade path,
    but as this version implements a fully automatic resynchronisation of
    devices it should not affect the users and work without the user
    interaction.

    Since all devices will start a full resyncronisation after the upgrade it
    is recommended to do the upgrade during a period with low traffic.

    This version offers improved logging facilities, so please review your
    configuration with respect to this.

 -- Wolfram Quester <wolfi@sigxcpu.org>  Thu, 28 Jun 2012 21:34:55 +0200
